Update wsfc-disaster-recovery-through-forced-quorum-sql-server.md (#8006)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/sql-server/failover-clusters/windows/wsfc-disaster-recovery-through-forced-quorum-sql-server.md

> [!WARNING]  
>  The user should be well-informed on the concepts and interactions of Windows Server Failover Clustering, WSFC Quorum Models, [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)], and the environment's specific deployment configuration.  
>   

> >  For more information, see:  [Windows Server Failover Clustering (WSFC) with SQL Server](windows-server-failover-clustering-wsfc-with-sql-server.md?view=sql-server-ver16), [WSFC Quorum Modes and Voting Configuration (SQL Server)](wsfc-quorum-modes-and-voting-configuration-sql-server.md?view=sql-server-ver16)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  For more information, see [Windows Server Failover Clustering (WSFC) with SQL Server](windows-server-failover-clustering-wsfc-with-sql-server.md), and [WSFC Quorum Modes and Voting Configuration (SQL Server)](wsfc-quorum-modes-and-voting-configuration-sql-server.md).
```

> >  For more information, see:  [Windows Server Failover Clustering (WSFC) with SQL Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/sql-server/failover-clusters/windows/windows-server-failover-clustering-wsfc-with-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16), [WSFC Quorum Modes and Voting Configuration (SQL Server)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/sql-server/failover-clusters/windows/wsfc-quorum-modes-and-voting-configuration-sql-server?view=sql-server-ver16)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>  For more information, see:  [Windows Server Failover Clustering (WSFC) with SQL Server](windows-server-failover-clustering-wsfc-with-sql-server.md?view=sql-server-ver16), [WSFC Quorum Modes and Voting Configuration (SQL Server)](wsfc-quorum-modes-and-voting-configuration-sql-server.md?view=sql-server-ver16)  
```
